and amulet of Moreh if someone like you
history will finding love what hope is
there for the rest of us yes I am I've
always been I'm almost embarrassed to
say this but every so often how it write
down how I felt about you and I close
the book and Seche it away you'd never
see it but now I feel like I can let my
words and my feelings see the light then
I really must be dreaming and I'm free
tomorrow that I never wake up
you can speak tomorrow mole at the
temple but take your time I'm willing to
wait do you agree to be bound together
in love now and forever I do now and
forever I used to think publishing my
book would be the happiest day of my
life now it hardly even compares I guess
all that's left now is to setting on a
place to live okay I'll meet you there
so if this is our home it's beautiful
I'll need a quiet place with my writing
but your are so it's yours when you
leave it feels like my heart is being
wrenched apart but when you're near me
it feels like it's about to burst
welcome back I missed you
there have been many men who've inspired
me but only you leave me speechless for
my next book I think I might write a
romance after all they said write what
you know maybe I can pin one of your
adventures into a story of course they'd
probably accuse me of pious be better to
ask Flynn